4504: Existence of the configuration option explained (#1941)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/push.md

- `-j <number>`, `--jobs <number>` - parallelism level for DVC to upload data to
  remote storage. The default value is `4 * cpu_count()`. For SSH remotes, the
  default is `4`. Using more jobs may improve the overall transfer speed.

>   Alternatively, a custom value could be set in a configuration file using
>   "jobs" field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Alternatively, a custom value could be set in a configuration file using
  `jobs` field. See `dvc remote modify` for more information.
```

>   Alternatively, a custom value could be set in a configuration file using
>   `jobs` field. See `dvc remote modify` for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Alternatively, a custom value could be set in a configuration file using
  `jobs` option. See `dvc remote modify` for more information.
```

>   `jobs` option. See `dvc remote modify` for more information.

Reviewer: Also, this needs to be added to every command that supports `--jobs`. E.g. `dvc fetch/status/push`.

Author: Yep, I see. They are consistent at this point.

Reviewer 2: How about
```suggestion
  The default value can be set with the
  `jobs` config option in `dvc remote modify`.
```
> Needs formatting though

And probably keep the sentence "Using more jobs may improve the overall transfer speed." at the end of the paragraph.
